C:\Users\k-mera>cd\bin

C:\bin>api_cmd ‑I ‑v1 0x01 max
Detecting connection from port 1 to 256
Connected to W5 by I2C-FTDI4222
.Error: "?I" is not a number
Usage: api_cmd --version
       api_cmd [-h|--help]
       api_cmd [<-I [-f#] [-2] [-a#]>|<-U# [-b#] [-p#]>]  [-v#]  [-t]  API_CODE  QUERY_SPECIFIER  [DATA_HEX_STRING]  [-i INPUT_BINARY_FILE]  [-o OUTPUT_BINARY_FILE]
       api_cmd [<-I [-f#] [-2] [-a#]>|<-U# [-b#] [-p#]>]  [-v#]  [-t]  -s SCRIPT_FILE  [-o OUTPUT_BINARY_FILE]
       Examples:
           api_cmd -I  0x12 noquery 0100000000000000
           api_cmd -I  0x10 4
           api_cmd -I  0x19 0       AD
           api_cmd -I  0x84 max     0300000020640800 -i app_0x00086420_in_size.bin
           api_cmd -I  0x85 max     03  -o app.bin
           api_cmd -U6 0x01 max
           api_cmd -I  -s api_commands.txt

       API_CODE:
       0x00 to 0xFE - (only valid for APICode_e in api.h)

       QUERY_SPECIFIER (W5comCallQuery() will be called multiple times to read
                        output data from GW5, aka response payload):
       noquery    - W5comCallQuery() will NOT be called. "noquery" must be
                    specified for API command which does not allow query.
                    Otherwise, other QUERY_SPECIFIER's should be specified to
                    ensure that command status is "Done" or "Fail".
       0          - W5comCallQuery() will be repeatedly called until
                    - command status "Done" or "Fail" is returned;
                    - OR, api_cmd stops calling W5comCallQuery() after (3000) retries.
                    Each call to W5comCallQuery() returns only command status.
       0x01 to    - W5comCallQuery() will be repeatedly called for multiple
       0xFFFFFFFF   sequential chunks. The specified non-zero query size is
                    divided into these chunks by the transfer size supported by
                    underlying device.
                  - W5comCallQuery() will be repeatedly called until
                    - command status "Done" or "Fail" is returned;
                    - OR, it returns the specified number of output data bytes;
                    - OR, it returns the last output data byte;
                     - OR, api_cmd stops calling W5comCallQuery() after (3000) retires.
                     Each call to W5comCallQuery() returns command status, and
                     some or none of output data bytes.
        max        - W5comCallQuery() will be repeatedly called for multiple
                     sequential chunks with the transfer size supported by
                     underlying device.
                   - W5comCallQuery() will be repeatedly called until
                     - command status "Done" or "Fail" is returned;
                     - OR, it returns the last output data byte;
                     - OR, api_cmd stops calling W5comCallQuery() after (3000) retires.
                     Each call to W5comCallQuery() returns command status, and
                     some or none of output data bytes.

       DATA_HEX_STRING (Input data to GW5, aka API command payload, via
                        W5comCallApi()):
       Data bytes in hexadecimal ASCII representation from left to right without
       space between consecutive bytes, says 000102030405060708090A0B0C0D.
       api_cmd will put 0x00 first, then 0x01, then 0x02, ... and so on from left
       to right into the input data to GW5.

       Float and decimal values can be inserted into hex string using escape
       sequences
       \f   - Float
       \d   - 32-bit decimal
       \s   - 16-bit decimal
       \    - End escape
       For example:
       0011\f12.3\2233\d255\4455\s-1\66
       will be converted to
       00 11 CD CC 44 41 22 33 FF 00 00 00 44 55 FF FF 66
            |  (12.3f)  |     |   (255)   |     | (-1)|
       DATA_HEX_STRING can be specified either on command line or in script
       file. If it is specified on command line, the data bytes are sent before
       binary bytes from INPUT_BINARY_FILE, if specified.

Options below can only be used on command line. They are invalid inside script file.

    -I, --i2c                         Use I2C (FTDI4222) to communicate with the board.Mutually exclusive to -U
    -a, --i2c_address=<int>           8-bit I2C address of W5 on the board (use with -I).
    -f, --ft_index=<int>              Select which FTDI device index to use (use with -I).
    -2, --profile2                    Use I2C second profile (use with -I).
    -U, --uart_com_port=<int>         Use non-FTDI UART (COMn) to communicate with the board.
                                      Mutually exclusive to -I
    -b, --uart_baudrate=<int>         In UART modes, baud rate for communication (use with -U)
                                      921600 if not specified.
    -p, --uart_parity=<int>           In UART modes, parity for communication (use with -U),
                                      0 = no parity(default), 1 = odd, 2 = even).
    -g, --gpio                        ONLY SUPPORTED with the i2c flag.
                                      A GW5 ROM can optionally specify hostCommCommandStatusPin. If specified,
                                      the pin is high when a normal priority API command is in progress.
                                      If this flag is on, use FTDI4222 GPIO2 to monitor for a rising edge and a
                                      falling edge on hostCommCommandStatusPin (if connected to FTDI4222 GPIO2)
                                      after W5comCallApi() returns. After the two edges are detected,
                                      W5comCallQuery() will be called (if QUERY_SPECIFIER is not "noquery").
                                      If this flag is off, W5comCallQuery() will be called (if QUERY_SPECIFIER
                                      is not "noquery") immediately after W5comCallApi() returns.
    -i, --input_binary_file=<str>     Binary bytes from INPUT_BINARY_FILE is sent after data bytes (converted
                                      from ASCII) in DATA_HEX_STRING, if specified. All data are sent in chunk(s)
                                      in API command message(s).
                                      NOT SUPPORTED in script file mode.
    -o, --output_binary_file=<str>    Data received in chunk(s) is written as binary bytes to OUTPUT_BINARY_FILE
                                      In script file mode, output from all API's are appended to OUTPUT_BINARY_FILE
    -s, --script_file=<str>           Script file with each line listing API_CODE QUERY_SPECIFIER and optionally
                                      DATA_HEX_STRING. Example: (without quotes) "0xA1 max 0101" on one line.
    --version                         Get tool revision number.
    -t, --time_display                Display the time spent in W5Com calls
    -v, --verbosity_level=<int>       Set verbosity level: 0 - normal (default); 1 - verbose
    -h, --help                        show this help message and exit
